Workshop documentation (#2704)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/workshop/index.md

# PrairieLearn Workshop

In this 5-day training course, we will provide an introduction to the following topics:

 
* how to create questions and assessments
* overview of existing PL elements
* how to use the external grader
* how to use the drawing tools

We will introduce a new topic in each session, and provide an activity to be completed during the meeting time. You will also receive a small "homework" after each session.

## What you need to do BEFORE the workshop

> We will need to give you access to PrairieLearn before the workshop starts. The first thing you need to do is to login at [https://prairielearn.engr.illinois.edu/pl/](https://prairielearn.engr.illinois.edu/pl/) (in case you have never done this before). 
> 
> We are processing all the access requests using the PrairieLearn Slack [`#request-course`](https://go.illinois.edu/joinplslack) channel. Check the options below, and see which one best fits your situation:
> 
> ### 1) You are a Course Instructor:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Login to PrairieLearn** at [https://prairielearn.engr.illinois.edu/pl/](https://prairielearn.engr.illinois.edu/pl/) (in case you have never done this before). This is necessary so that we can give you access to PrairieLearn before the workshop starts.

2. **Request course access.** We are processing all the access requests using the PrairieLearn Slack [`#request-course`](https://go.illinois.edu/joinplslack) channel. Check the options below for instructions.

3. **Complete Homework 0.** See below for instructions on Homework 0. It would be very helpful if you can do this before the first meeting on Monday.

## Request access to a PrairieLearn course

### 1) You are a Course Instructor:
```
